hi I'm rich brown senior editor for CNET
today we're gonna take a look at Sony's
2012 edition of a vol series all in one
now suddenly is trying some interesting
things with this PC but overall some of
the highlights fall flat which makes it
hard to justify paying more for those
parts particularly when you don't have
as much computing power as you might get
from a similar all-in-one from another
vendor so this is a 24 inch on one with
a touchscreen a gesture control system
in a built-in TV chip it comes with an
Intel Ivy Bridge 3rd generation Core i5
mobile CPU as well as a blu-ray drive
HDMI input and output and a whole bunch
of other features that make it kind of
an interesting system so starting with a
good there are some things we like about
this system it's like a lot of
all-in-ones there's different ways you
can send a signal to this display you
can run it off the PC off the HDMI input
off the TV tuner or off the composite
video jacks now what's actually cool
about the system is that Sony has a nice
menu feature to let you control the
display and the audio setup for each of
those different modes so that means if
you have a certain preference for how
you want your PC to look you can change
that when you get to the TV mode to make
it look entirely different so Sony's
tried to push the idea of using this as
a home entertainment system even further
by including a chip from its bravia tv
line inside the display that powers the
video the problem though is that that
chip really doesn't benefit windows
video more than you would get from say a
standard graphics card but it doesn't do
3d acceleration and the chip is also
supposed to have an impact when you
connect a cable box to the HDMI input or
if you connect the TV tuner but the
problem is the video signal really
doesn't look that much better compared
to another on one with just a standard
video processor in it that means you're
not really getting much from the TV chip
but you are losing 3d processing power
so if you want to use this as a gaming
system as well as a home video player
it's really not the best option another
feature that's disappointing is the
gesture control system it simply doesn't
work you can open up the software
settings and play around the sensitivity
it gives you a basic tutorial of what's
supposed to happen but then when you
actually try to use a gesture control in
applications it really is not that
responsive if it works at all now you
don't really lose anything with this PC
because it has gesture control it runs
through the webcam so there's no extra
hardware you need to purchase and it's
kind of a nice idea we appreciate that
something is experimenting but it's
definitely frustrating that it doesn't
work you see the right side here you got
a nest
card reader three USB three inputs
that's a great feature
firewire as well as a couple of audio
jacks around here in the back you can
see the various video inputs you have
your HDMI in and out over here your
composite video as well as your TV tuner
over here this is actually another nice
feature there's three USB ports that
work when the system isn't even plugged
in finally over here you can see the
hard buttons that let you run the menu
and here's the slot-loading blu-ray
drive
so overall sony is trying some
interesting things with this system the
problem is that because the TV chip
doesn't provide a lot of value and the
gesture control falls flat
it doesn't really deliver on its
promises between that and it's slow
performance from a mobile chip and no
dedicated graphics card it's really hard
to like the system especially for its
price time rich brown this is the 2012
edition of sony vaio l series home